Ruby Languages and frameworks (#388)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/julia-in-gitpod.md

A great minimal example of a ready-to-code Julia development environment is [JesterOrNot/Gitpod-Julia](https://github.com/JesterOrNot/Gitpod-Julia).

> To showcase a real-world Julia project in Gitpod we gitpodified the Julia Programming Language in Gitpod! Try it here:

Reviewer: I think I suggested a change here somewhere, but I don't know where it landed, so here it is again:

```suggestion
To showcase a real-world Julia project in Gitpod, we've gitpodified the Julia Programming Language repository itself! Try it here:
```
